Welcome to the chimmera Animations!

www.chimmera.com

Chimmera (pronouced: SHIM-MAI-RA) Animations Pvt Ltd, incepted in the year 2006 has been able to carve out a niche as a one stop shop for anything and everything that you might need in Animation, Visual effects or Graphic designing for your individual or corporate needs. We are based out of Meerut, Uttar Pradesh and have the capabilities to deliver globally. Chimmera has a unique blend of Services and training in its offering, we train and we absorb young talent in this industry, through a strategic tie-up with Arena Animation, the global leader in animation training. We have developed creative geniuses in a very short span of 3 years of establishing the Arena Animation, Meerut centre. The team comprises of people coming from all arts related background carefully hand picked by the management themselves, which believes in nurturing creative talent irrespective of the cost that it comes at, You will find a very well balanced mix of very senior artists who have spent their entire lifetime in the field of arts and very young creative genius who are able to gel art with technology here. Within a short span of 6 years we have been able to deliver to very small business houses to some of the very large corporates in this world, just because we truly run behind excellence in whatever we do for them, for us a happy and smiling customer is more than anything else in the world. Technologically, since the top management is from the IT industry we believe in getting the latest and the best on board so that the best results can be delivered.

Fact Sheet Year of Establishment - 2006 Legal Status of Firm - Private Limited Company Nature of Business - Service Provider Number of Employees - 26 to 50 People Turnover - Rs. 2 - 5 Crore ( or US$ 400 K - 1 Mn Approx.)

Contact Us Chimmera Animations Private Limited Gaurav Bhatnagar +91-9997783555 Roopak Burman +1-703-338-6156 1st & 2nd Floors, Chikara Complex, New Mohanpuri Meerut - 250002 Uttar Pradesh, India
